I want some Colby Jack.
This blend of cheeses is just where it's at.
I pick it special when I have a snack.
So turn around and get some off that stack.
(Checkout from the store)
Curds or plain
When it's my treat, baby I'll behave
This mixed up cheese, the only thing I crave.
It's just that no food makes me feel this way.
(Take it to my apartment)
Cut some cheese (gonna snack on)
Into cubes (gonna snack on)
Crackers please. (gonna snack on)
Perfect for me. (gonna snack on)
Let me see what you're pairing with? (gonna snack on)
Barbeque chips? (gonna snack on)
It makes me smile (gonna snack on)
It sure is mild (gonna snack on)
Colby Jack cheese (gonna snack on)Perfect for me (gonna snack on)
Colby Jack cheesePerfect for me